Second Report for a Student Chosen Project
Conner Wilson 

Do the following:

1. In the table below, list the dates, amount of time spent, and
description of the work that you did on your project. Follow the example
that is in the first row of the table below. Include the time you spent
doing any of the following:
    a. discussing your project with your teacher, tutor, or fellow students
    b. researching by reading articles and watching applicable videos
    c. designing your project by drawing diagrams and other applicable documents
    d. writing experimental code
    d. writing code for your project
    e. writing test functions
    f. debugging your code
    g. any other activity that helped you complete your project

            Time Spent
   Date       (hours)   Description of Work
----------  ----------  -------------------------

2024-07-01      4       -Drew diagrams to conceptualize how my program 
                        would work. Researched treehouse building.
2024-07-01      3       -Took test bearing and distance measurements of
                        a plot of trees in my backyard. I ussed this to 
                        draw/conceptualize how I could graph them.
2024-07-02      7       -Read a github article about returning multiple
                        values from functions
                        -Learned the basics of ploting graphs
                        from mathplotlib.org and read pyplot turorials
                        -Researched the graph equation of a circle, and 
                        how to use matplotlib to represent them.
                        - Rewrote the circle graph function to genetate
                        x and y coordinates, and created a function
                        to plot a circle. 
                        - Read an article about solving for non
                        right triagles.
                        - Degugged the fact that when I tested plotting
                        of circles, pyplot showed an elipse. After much 
                        time spent, I discovered that my equation was not 
                        wrong, I just needed to add plt.(axis='equal').
                        - Learned about subplots in mathplotlib.
2024-07-03     8        - Read an article about the intersection of circles
                        to find out if I could use as method of triangulation.
                        - Studied my intro to programming notes on working with 
                        parallel lists.
                        - Debugged 'none' type object not subscriptable error.
                        - Read about unpacking a tuple
                        - Changed what a few of my functions returned based on
                        arguments passed. 
                        - Researched proper format of returning vaules with 
                        logic if elif else statements.
2024-07-04      8       - Studied my intro to programming notes on booleans.
                        - read documentation on isinstance()
                        - Debugging some of my functions that contained loops
                        returning 'None'
                        - Checked logic of current program by typing up a call
                        graph. Re-wrote logic and a few more functions.
                        - tested my tree plotting functions were displayed 
                        correctly on mathplot plt in their angles to one another.
2024-07-05      7       - wrote measurement conversion functions. 
2024-07-06      7       - studied documentation strings. 
                        - added code to display plot labels. 
2024-07-08      5       - experiemented with code to plot multiple mathplot
                        figures in a loop. 
2024-07-09      11      -Incorrporated exception handling into all functions,
                        including dealing with user input, filenotfounderrors,
                        index errors, and tested my functions with unexcpected
                        inputs to see and handle the exceptions they raised.
                        - Studied articles about Pep8 style. 
                        - Debugged local variable access.  
                        - Took more bearing measurements outside to test my 
                        methods. Rewrote a lot of my code after discovering 
                        that the way I was using bearing measurements on 
                        my plot figures displayed tree locations incorrectly.  
2024-07-10      6       -Added more exception handling.
                        -Wrote code to logically loop under multiple 
                        conditions.

2024-07-11      5       -Troubleshooted issues with my python environment.
                        -Studied articles about virtual environments 
                        in vs code.
                        -Learned about working directory, and directories.
2024-07-12      9       -More reserch about paths, as I wrote code to 
                        locate files within my OS.
                        -Added dictionaries as a method of storing data, 
                        instead of relying only on accessing a file. 
                        -Read a blog about treehouse construction. 
2024-07-13      6       -researched Pandas Dataframes as a method of 
                        accessing and reading a csv file from google drive. 
                        -Read multiple stack overflow discusions about 
                        vectorization. 
2024-07-15      8       - wrote code to save matplot figures in a multi-page
                        pdf. 
                        - Researched changing dpi of Matplotlib figures
                        - Rewrote code to not immedietly plot trees when
                        their xypoints are created in a loop, but instead 
                        store them in a dictionary. This was to make it easier
                        to make two graphs, one with distances, and one without. 
2024-07-16      9       - Read more matplotlib documentation about text boxes
                        and anchoring. 
                        - Created functions to get number data and text data 
                        from a user and replaced instances in my code where I 
                        received and stored input from UI with these functions.
2024-07-17      9       - Wrote test functions, created dummy files to test
                        my locate file in directory function. Wrote a test 
                        function.
                        - Read official pytest documentations about testing 
                        functions that handle exceptions. 
2024-07-18      6       - Researched pytest parameterization. 
                        - wrote test functions to test ft-inches conversion'
                        function 
                        - Commented out user input and created temporary 
                        dictionaries to quickly test my entire program. 
2024-07-19      10      - Wrote test functions for getting and formatting
                        required measurements that the user needs to take.
                        - Lots, and lots, and lots of debugging my test 
                        functions. 
                        - Wrote test functions for testing that the 
                        triangulation of trees plotted is accurate. This tests
                        my code, and also user input accuracy. Wrote 
                        use_law_of_cosines_to_find_angles, 
                        get_obtuse_triangle_sides_from_coordinates,
                        test_inner_angles_from_bearings,
                        test_inner_angles_from_distances,
                        get_inner_angles_from_bearings
2024-07-20      9       -Realized that the check if real triangle function
                        that tests the triangulation of each tree plotted
                        from a bearing measurement from tree 1 is really not
                        testing anything, but is more of a redundant check 
                        that my functions work. To fix this I added a function 
                        use_cosines_to_check_3_trees which gets the center 
                        points of the trees ploted from a dictionary, finds 
                        the distance between them, and uses the law of cosines 
                        to ensure that the center points of the circles are
                        accurate.  
undocumented additional 11 hours. 

2. In Canvas, submit this completed text file, your Python program, your
Python test file, and any project data files such as .txt and .csv files and
link to video walkthrough if needed.
